on active duty on the USS John C. Stennis Aircraft care. We've actually
been to many different ports on three deployments. I've been to Hawaii
many times. Honolulu, um, Kuwait. Bahrain have been to Australia,
Perth in Tasmania when I, uh, chocolate at the Cadbury fan, uh, Cadbury
factory and, uh, petted kangaroos. Something that you never get
to see. You know, seen pandas. Um, I've actually been toe Japan.
That's the first time I went to Japan, you know, in the very, very south.
But it was a great, sensible Japan. I've been there several times
again as a reservist on my annual trainings, Um, ranging from, like
a few days toe more than a year. I've also been to Manila, um, And
Kuala Lumpur. Yeah, many places.